hi friends today I'm going to talk to you about
an exclusive monster to show you jens
it's about the sasquatch monster this
monster that is inspired by a yeti or
On a large foot you can buy it in the
special offers section or in the
map of adventures of monsters legends to
from level 25 in the game for a
price of 200 gems this monster that is
of ethical type and of the earth elements
and natural is also pressed in a
day and 11 hours well let's show you
james and once they have elapsed
one day and 11 hours may already be placed
in any of its two habitats that
are the habitat earth or nature good you
we give to place and I in this case I'm going
to place here in this habitat land him
We replaced and once placed already
can feed mouse s its appearance
initial at level 1 and well let's
proceed to feed it until it reaches
next level of evolution that is in
level 4
but no
well that 's his next appearance in
level 4 and as you can see it has grown
a little and
adopted new features good
let's proceed to feed it up
reach level 7 which is where
will learn a new skill
do not
we learn a new skill that is
fast metabolism
at level 10 we will learn a new
ability
what is rock and fire we close and what
we continue to feed
at level 15 we will have to replace
one of the skills that has already
acquired good in this case I'm going to
replace this that is bestial desires
since it is a skill with little
power of damage
we close the window and continue it
feeding this time and until reaching the
level 20 that is your adult phase and
definitive
at level 20 it will evolve last
time and you will also learn a new
skill for this case I'm going to
replace this which is also little
powerful for the new one that is
appearance of ribbon ja
good as you can see that is your
final and final appearance its phase
adult at level 20 and well if I
we continue to feed the only thing that will
is to acquire more life and acquire more
good energy friends I hope you have them
liked this video and that you too
can buy this exclusive monster
that is the monster 64 you already know that for
buy this monster the only thing that
have to do is reach level 25
of monsters legends and you can see the
special offer of this monster in the
special offers section or in the
adventure map to show you jeans
good friends see you very soon and if
have any questions you can visit the
show james friends page
where you will be given more information
thank you very much and see you very soon